See has a one acting as P.S. One paying tendered one tend of to fight for it's the device that we're
going to configure is its default gateway alternate debugging and use the command show IP rot.
Notice the Rada has no gateway of last resort set and has no static ruts.
Now we need to configure the device with a default gateway or static default Grant writing is currently
enabled on this Rada so I need to use the command ip route and specify a static default grant of tendered
one to attend or to fight for.
So now show ip route shows us that to the gateway of last resort is tendered wonder tender to fly for
which is the Age's IP router and we have a static default Grant configured here is P.S. too.
So let us do something different on P.C. to see he has rather to acting as P.C. to enable show IP round.
Now what I'm gonna do is type no IP routing this will disable riding on this router so when I use the
Come on show IP run.
Now notice we don't see the ruts that we saw previously.
Now when you disable IP riding on a router you need to use the command IP default gateway and not to
the command ip route and specify static rot on Route 1 one I configured a static default route because
routing is enabled on this route.
We can see as an example of routing table.
But on this device because routing is disabled I need to use the IP default gateway command.
And in this case the default gateway is the H.S. IP router on VLAN 20.
So can it ping the H.S. IP rata on VLAN 20.
Yes it can.
Can it ping of one tenth of one to ten or eleven.
This IP address yes it can.
Can Rata 1 ping tendered 1 or twenty dot twelve.
In other words this IP address which is the IP address of router 2 Yes it can.
Now we can prove that the pings are working by doing debug IP ICMP again and then running the ping and
notice we see the output so I'll move it up a bit.
And then you can see the echo replies being sent so pings are working between rudder 1 and Rod 2.